Expand and improve formatting of helper script docs (#220)
CanDIG/candigv2-ingest: helper_scripts/readme.md

## `submit_program_registrations.py`

Submits all program registrations in a csv file, adding team members and program curators as specified. Only adds program registrations that do not already exist. Adds all listed team members and program curators to all programs, currently not possible to specify program specific team members/program curators.

```
usage: submit_program_registrations.py [-h] --input INPUT [--column-name COLUMN_NAME] --url URL --token TOKEN [--curators CURATORS] [--team-members TEAM_MEMBERS]

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --input INPUT         Csv file that has at least one column with the column header specified with the --column-name argument
  --column-name COLUMN_NAME
                        exact column name in the csv where the program id is specified. Default: 'program_id'
  --url URL             Full URL of the CanDIG node
  --token TOKEN         site admin or site curator token
  --curators CURATORS   comma delimited list of curators to add to each program
  --team-members TEAM_MEMBERS
                        comma delimited list of team members to add to each program
```

## `verified_analyses.py`

> Checks the verification status of ingested sequencing files according to the output of a call to the `biosamples` endpoint. This lets you know whether the link to the location of each sequencing file is still valid or needs to be updated. 

Reviewer: It's more that it tells you the date of last verification so you can judge whether or not that was too long ago and you want to re-verify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks the verification status of ingested sequencing files according to the output of a call to the `biosamples` endpoint. This lets you know when the analysis files were last verified and judge whether or not they need to be verified again.
```
